Well, hello and welcome to Norwalk, Albertine's course, working with use cases in this course, we're
going to cover everything you need to write, create and develop use cases.
And we'll spend a lot of time looking at how we model all kinds of real world business solutions using
them.
So we'll be talking about use cases and diagramming and modeling and use case components and all that
good stuff that you can see in the course syllabus.
And along the way you'll be doing quite a bit of use case development yourself, because that's the
whole point, right?
There will be many opportunities for you to test your knowledge with quizzes and assignments, and I'm
going to urge you to put your effort into them.
Why?
Because that's how you integrate the knowledge.
That's where you do the majority of the real learning.
This course is designed for anyone with fundamental knowledge of business analysis, but usually consider
this to be an intermediate course.
If you don't know a business analysis is or what a project is or what requirements are, I'll encourage
you to hold up and take our fundamentals of business analysis course first.
After that, come back to this one.
I also encourage you to drop me a line if you have any questions or if you run into any roadblocks,
my email address is Dogherty at Norwalk, Aberdeen Dotcom.
Sure.
Do some Googling around for any quick answers, but don't hesitate to e-mail me or ask a question in
the lectures.
So let me introduce myself.
My name is Don Hussie.
I'm a managing director with Norwalk, Aberdeen, and I'll be your instructor and use case guru for
the remainder of the course.
Prior to founding Norwalk and I was senior vice president with the large global bank in that role,
I ran their BA Center of Excellence and also managed teams of business analysts.
I was really fortunate to have a very talented team of TBAs with a wide variety of experience and skills
and problems and obstacles.
And leading a diverse team like this has given me a good amount of insight into the problems that both
new and experienced MBAs run into.
I've managed MBAs, developed MBAs, interviewed MBAs, hired MBAs.
And you're going to benefit from all that experience in this course?
Prior to doing all this, I was a B.A myself and a top investment bank, I worked on a wide variety
of projects.
The majority were systems related, building in enhancing the software the stockbrokers used and other
projects were oriented towards changing how the bank operated and if you didn't involve any technology
at all.
And along the way I wrote about probably a million use cases or so.
So that's me now before we dive into the course itself, I'll tell you a little bit about the company
I work for Norwalk, Aberdeen.
We are a leading provider of training with a very specific focus.
We do training and coaching in business analysis only because that's what we're really good at.
And for this reason, you're going to get an education in real world business analysis in this course.
There can be a tendency in training to give students information that is either theoretical or just
not very realistic or relevant to the day to day work.
We're going to skip all that unimportant stuff and teach you what you need to do the job in the real
world that you work in today.
So with that out of the way, let's get started with use cases.